# customized-web-search
Searching online for professional resources like jobs, tenders, admissions, scholarships etc. need extensive amounts of time. Appropriate results based on user needs are not directly available. Search engines do not provide customized filters based on these specific niches. Most websites which provide databases in these fields do not include small and unknown companies and organisations in their list. Such websites usually only provide results from organisations who have registered in their website.
The intended project aims to develop a web application which provides query results exclusively for jobs, scholarships, admissions, tenders based on custom filters designed for each category. The application will also incorporate searches based on area and duration in which service needs to be available for more personalised results. The results provided will be based on analysis of most appropriate websites from the results of Google search. This provides results actually based on user keywords and filters, rather than from websites which use SEO or other technologies.
The search engine will not be used as a general purpose search engine i.e. will not provide results for normal searches like word meanings or definitions etc

	The application shall work on user specified needs and hope to be dynamic in providing results. For a given query, this personalized web search can provide different search results for different users or organize search results differently for each user, based upon their interests, preferences, and information needs. There are many personalized web search algorithms for analysing the user interests and producing the outcome quickly; User profiling, Hyperlink Analysis, Content Analysis and collaborative web search are some of the instances for that kind of algorithms. Apart from these Web Scraping from Google will also be employed in which data is extracted from different websites and stored to a database in table format.
